h2. About ChannelLock

Have you ever found that the channels you're joined to changes without any rhyme or reason? Or that 
you log over to another toon and don't have the channels you had on your main? Or maybe they change 
channel numbers and what used to be in /4 is now in /5?

ChannelLock was created to solve these problems. You simply provide the channel names and associated 
chat frames and it does the rest.

h2. Slash Commands

|*Slash Command*|*Description*|
|/channellock|Opens the ChannelLock configuration screen|
|/cl|Same as /channellock|

h2. Trade and LookingForGroup Channels

One thing to note is that WoW treats some channels in a special way, which can create problems for 
ChannelLock. Special channels are those channels that can take up a slot in your channel list, but 
not actually be active channels.

The Trade channel, for example, is only active when you are in a trade zone (e.g. a city). The game APIs 
don't let me leave or join Trade, therefore, unless you are in a city. When ChannelLock runs into this 
issue, it will present a message telling you that it can't drop or replace Trade on that slot. To fix it, 
go to a trade zone and re-apply the ChannelLock settings in the configuration screen.

Another special channel is the LookingForGroup channel. This channel is only active when you are active 
in the in-game LFG system. When ChannelLock is asked to add or remove you from this channel, it will 
temporarily setup the in-game LFG system, make the channel change and then remove the change to LFG. This 
should work, but it may end up changing your LFG settings if you had something previously set up there.

